10-29-19 4:13am

Minimalism and Digitalism

I am ready to minimize and standerize some of my processes.

great now I just bought cascadea an app that changes the css for webpages for me.
didnt this feature use to be free. You would just install a goddamn free plugin in your web browser of choice.... But now since I am a fancy pants mac user who likes safari I have to pay for it... : /// fuck! maybe I should not use safari any more...
well too late i bought it anyways. it was only
$3 and it was recomened by a reputable source. ... ehmm a random github page with lots of stars. But this page was indeed the result for a search I typed into google titled "make github dark". so in a way my route brought me to a page that described how to do install github StylishTemes

I was thinking that...human body is distracted and trails of.

----

back again
I wanted to do a mini experiment. Those can be so much fun and educational. 
I have a cup of cold coffe I am heating up from the side with a tiny heater I have. I have then swirled the cup and 

...i enjoy being in the hyper add mode. thats why i keep putting myself in it ? right?

I then continue to heat the cup with the
heater and the swirl does not stop.
It is swirling clockwise. 

Question: Will the swirl change what its doing if I spin the water the other direction? And does the heat direction effect the direction of the swirl?

Experiment: swirl the cup and see what happens.

Hypothosis: It will return to swirl how it is. I have a hunch because I remember hearing that in different parts of the world the toil flushes and swirlls different direcitons. clock-wise and counter-clock-wise.



## Point-Less-And-Repetative work
Dont repeat yoursefl! DRY is supossed to be a good thing Right? Then why am I often repeating myself. 

CA_ANT_GRUNT_RUNNERS
[]-learn gruntjs
small ca-programs that save the board as an
image. they are essential small visual programs that run
and create little pictures. they are kind of like grunts.
maybe be

deletion is good.
Now I gotta get back to my programming. And maybe sleeping.
I do feel much better. But not fully rested. I need to do a
little work. Atlaest a tiny itsy bit before falling Alssep.





